README.md, before:

# 7 Days to Die Weapon and Skill Selector

![Banner](banner.png)

## Overview

The "7 Days to Die Weapon and Skill Selector" is a web-based tool designed for players of the game *7 Days to Die*. This tool allows players to randomly select weapon types and allocate skill points using a dice system, enhancing their gameplay experience with an element of randomness and fun.

## Features

- **Random Weapon Selector**: Choose between 1 to 3 weapon types from a predefined list, ensuring no duplicates.
- **Skill Points Dice System**: Randomly allocate skill points across different skill trees.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple and intuitive interface with a dark, game-themed design.
- **Standalone Web Application**: Can be hosted and accessed via GitHub Pages.

## Usage

### Selecting Weapon Types

1. Enter the number of weapon types you want to select (between 1 and 3).
2. Optionally, check the box to use the dice system for skill points.
3. Click the "Generate" button to see your randomly selected weapons and skill points.

### Example Output

- **Selected Weapons**: Clubs, Rifles, Knives
- **Skill Points**:
    - Perception: 34 points
    - Strength: 45 points
    - Fortitude: 50 points
    - Agility: 20 points
    - Intellect: 55 points

## Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:yourusername/7-days-to-die-weapon-skill-selector.git
   cd 7-days-to-die-weapon-skill-selector

1. **Open index.html in Your Browser:**:
   ```bash
   Simply open the index.html file in your web browser to start using the tool.

## Contributing
If you have suggestions or find issues, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements
* Created by Ryan Craven
* Inspired by the game 7 Days to Die

## Contact
For any inquiries, please contact Ryan Craven at ryan.craven.qa@gmail.com.

Commit message:

Added link to page to access the program directly without having to clone repo

README.md, after:

# 7 Days to Die Weapon and Skill Selector

![Banner](banner.png)

## To use the program - click the link below
https://ryan-craven-qa.github.io/7-days-to-die-weapon-skill-selector/

## Overview

The "7 Days to Die Weapon and Skill Selector" is a web-based tool designed for players of the game *7 Days to Die*. This tool allows players to randomly select weapon types and allocate skill points using a dice system, enhancing their gameplay experience with an element of randomness and fun.

## Features

- **Random Weapon Selector**: Choose between 1 to 3 weapon types from a predefined list, ensuring no duplicates.
- **Skill Points Dice System**: Randomly allocate skill points across different skill trees.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple and intuitive interface with a dark, game-themed design.
- **Standalone Web Application**: Can be hosted and accessed via GitHub Pages.

## Usage

### Selecting Weapon Types

1. Enter the number of weapon types you want to select (between 1 and 3).
2. Optionally, check the box to use the dice system for skill points.
3. Click the "Generate" button to see your randomly selected weapons and skill points.

### Example Output

- **Selected Weapons**: Clubs, Rifles, Knives
- **Skill Points**:
    - Perception: 34 points
    - Strength: 45 points
    - Fortitude: 50 points
    - Agility: 20 points
    - Intellect: 55 points

## Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:yourusername/7-days-to-die-weapon-skill-selector.git
   cd 7-days-to-die-weapon-skill-selector

1. **Open index.html in Your Browser:**:
   ```bash
   Simply open the index.html file in your web browser to start using the tool.

## Contributing
If you have suggestions or find issues, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements
* Created by Ryan Craven
* Inspired by the game 7 Days to Die

## Contact
For any inquiries, please contact Ryan Craven at ryan.craven.qa@gmail.com.
